The day is beauty ranger lighter key Saori Today is super
I would like to introduce an application recipe of ice cream using food riding couma
Because it is Rankuma but is abundant beta-carotene
It is a super food that can be expected for anti-aging and the effect of keeping your skin healthy
Then I will introduce the material
60000 powder herbaceous
Is 1
Sup 7
It is one
1 teaspoon of cacao nib
And it is the material of topping, but today
Gran is better
flower
Beryl good
I think that I want to use the 15
And Remonchi Lumpur will also be used
Then we will introduce how to make
Cut In addition to the first Tsu a single nose appropriate size
Even if it doesn't change color, it will fall and it will freeze on the day post
If it is frozen in par, it will be taken out
Put you in the Sofurosensa
I will put together the powder of the bear here
We will stir once if we put these two
Putsu
I had
I am
r 2
t 2
If flower dol bear is mixed
I will add a flower shop for supercars over there next time
Chi
eh
Stir slightly to leave a crispy texture with a scent
A bit
Ha
All ingredients are mixed and this is the completion of the ice cream
There Yes
By changing the inclusion
To complete the texture of the ice, such as the chair of the torque was little that Toro Ttoshi
Then I want to take it out into a container
6 will continue to complete is Now topping of ice to walk
I would like to topping in this clear container
First put in black nool
I will
I will put ice cream on top
Like
I think that I want to put the fruit on top and do topping if I let it
Favorite fruit
I think so
Banner will whopping topped with strawberries
and topping the sperry statement
Even using blueberry and raspberry reasons
This is completed
As we use only ingredients for skin and health, we can eat without feeling of guilt
Is not it
Please make it by all means